What can we do about this?
I was only discovered by Li Nanjuan
Dabao and Erbao look exactly the same
Sometimes a treasure
Can't keep it
What's wrong with you?
Why? Are you afraid that Daddy will take us away?
How do you know that uncle is your father?
Sambo told us
Besides, my brother and I look so much alike
Mommy, if you marry off-season
I'm not afraid we'll be robbed
What am I saying?
Mommy, yes, Mommy.
Bao is right
Dabao, mommy misses you so much
Mommy mentioned that I am the second treasure
Baron
For the sake of having so many children with you
Let me stay at Li's tonight
Take her to the room yes
Antarctica, I know you
You have me in your heart
Has the season of two treasures and three treasures arrived?